

--- Slide 1 ---


Eco-san company and product introduction
Yixing Eco-sanitary Manufacture Co., Ltd.
November 2024

--- Slide 2 ---

Yixing Eco-san develops related technologies of "ecological toilets, low-carbon toilets, and zero-carbon toilets" based on the concept of "green, ecological, and environmental protection"
Dedicated to becoming a leading enterprise in ecological toilet technology
The technological Eco-san

--- Slide 3 ---

Companyintroduction

--- Slide 4 ---

Yixing is located in the most economically developed region in eastern China. It is a regional transportation hub in the Yangtze River Delta and is about 200km away from Shanghai.
Yixing's Geographical Location


--- Slide 5 ---

Yixing Eco-sanitary Manufacture Co., Ltd. (Eco-san for short) is a R&D and manufacturing enterprise dedicated to providing high-standard and high-quality ecological toilets.
Factory appearance
Workshop interior
Company overview


--- Slide 6 ---

The company introduced the water recycling and reuse eco-toilet technology from the team of Professor Hoffmann of the California Institute of Technology (foreign academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering) who won the first prize in the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation‘s global “Toilet Challenge” in 2011, and received Mr. Gate’s recognition.
Company Overview

California Institute of Technology
Professor Hoffmann's team won the only "first prize"

--- Slide 7 ---

Company and product characteristics


--- Slide 8 ---

The world's first company to test the international standard ISO30500 for non-sewered toilets, which is tested by Germany's TUV SUD.
ISO30500 test site
Company overview


--- Slide 9 ---

Yixing Eco-sanitary Manufacture Co., Ltd. is a leading enterprise in ecological toilet technology and a cooperative unit of the Chinese Academy of Engineering's "Toilet Revolution Project".
Academician Li Xiaohong, President of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, led a team to inspect Eco-san
Jiangsu Provincial Party Committee Secretary Lou Qinjian inspected Eco-san
Company overview


--- Slide 10 ---

The company has a highly specialized and international technology research and development, product manufacturing, and operation management team. Its ultimate pursuit of product quality, details, and customer needs has established its position as the second to none leading enterprise in domestic ecological toilets.
Company overview


--- Slide 11 ---

Product section

--- Slide 12 ---


Eco-san products
Household toilet product——b-HRT

--- Slide 13 ---

（1）Public toilet product
Also known as blackwater-Community Reinvented Toilet (hereinafter referred to as b-CRT), it is mainly used in public places, including front-end toilet and back-end black water treatment system. There are mainly two categories: mobile and fixed types.

（2）Household toilet product
Also known as blackwater-Household Reinvented Toilet (hereinafter referred to as b-HRT), it is mainly used for the back-end treatment of black water in household toilets, and can also be applied to the back-end black water treatment of public toilets used by a small number of people.


Product Overview

--- Slide 14 ---




Product effluent standard
The effluent of both public toilet product and household toilet product meet the following standards:
① Meet ISO30500-2018 standard
② Meet the standard of "Urban Wastewater Recycling and Urban Miscellaneous Water Quality" (GB/T18920-2020)
Urban Wastewater Recycling and Urban Miscellaneous Water Quality" (GB/T18920-2020)

--- Slide 15 ---

Process flow

Container integrated type
Buried underground split type
Public toilet product——b-CRT

--- Slide 16 ---


Case study
Treatment system scale: 200 flushes/day
Application location: Fangshan · Beijing
Application location: Xicheng · Beijing
Application location: Dongcheng · Beijing
Application location: Yixing · Jiangsu
Public toilet product——b-CRT

--- Slide 17 ---


Note: The data in the above table is taken from the average value of the test water sample.
Water quality index before and after black water treatment
Operation effect (taking Fangshan as an example)
Public toilet product——b-CRT

--- Slide 18 ---


Place of use
Mainly used to treat toilet black water or domestic gray water from farmers, homestays, suburban villas, etc. that cannot connect to the sewer network.
The treatment capacity of toilet black water is 100L/day (the treatment capacity of this system for treating domestic gray water is 200L/day).
Schematic diagram of b-HRT usage location

Up to standard discharge

Recycling
Household toilet product——b-HRT

--- Slide 19 ---


Process flow
Biological purification tank: AOAO process is adopted, and sewage is treated anaerobic and aerobic in the biological purification tank. Under anaerobic conditions, large molecules decompose into easily decomposable small molecules; Through aerobic treatment, organic matter in the sewage layer is continuously adsorbed and oxidized by microorganisms, resulting in a decrease in index of pollutants such as ammonia nitrogen and COD in the water.
The concept of "returning to nature with the power of nature"
Advanced treatment tank: Utilizing the purification ability and filtration effect of advanced treatment filler materials to further degrade organic matter and filter SS, achieving the effects of phosphorus removal, deodorization, and decolorization.
Disinfection and Sterilization (ECR): There are two types of disinfection and sterilization methods that can be selected based on the on-site usage situation:
①UV - General application: The radiation ability of ultraviolet radiation can destroy the DNA molecular structure of microorganisms such as bacteria, viruses, fungi, etc., causing them to lose their reproductive and growth abilities, thereby achieving the purpose of sterilization.
② ECR - When the microbial biomass is very high (up to 1*1010cfu/mL): ECR must be used to produce strong oxidants such as · OH and HOCl/ClO - through electrolysis, which can convert organic pollutants in sewage into CO2, convert ammonia nitrogen into nitrogen, and kill various bacteria and viruses.

Household toilet product——b-HRT

--- Slide 20 ---

产品介绍




Biological purificaiton tank
Advanced treatment tank
Disinfection and sterilization
Sectional view
Physical diagram
Household toilet product——b-HRT
Standard water treatment module
Water quality index before and after black water treatment

--- Slide 21 ---






Convenient to move
Quick assembly
Beautiful and durable

Flexible selection
UV/ECR disinfection and sterilization: different types can be selected according to on-site usage conditions
Standard water treatment module
Household toilet product——b-HRT

--- Slide 22 ---


When treating a large amount of water, module combinations are used
Product Multi-module Combination Usage Table
Household toilet product——b-HRT

--- Slide 23 ---


Specification parameters (single module)
Household toilet product——b-HRT
Product Single Module Specification Parameter Table

--- Slide 24 ---

1500mmL
1050mmW



Natural ecology, good treatment effect
The treatment process combining biological purification and advanced treatment can not only treat COD and SS, but also remove the color and odor of sewage, and finally realize the recycling of water.



High degree of automation
The equipment system adopts automatic control, and manual operation is reserved, and the appropriate operation mode can be freely selected according to needs.



Modular design, good mobility
The on-site installation is fast, the whole system is small in size and easy to move, and the modular design of the system makes the equipment have a wide range of applicability.



Simple maintenance and low operating costs
The whole system has no complicated professional equipment, low failure rate, simple maintenance, low power consumption of equipment, and compared with other treatment processes, the operating cost is greatly reduced.
Household toilet product——b-HRT 
process characteristics

--- Slide 25 ---


Location: 
Yixing He Hua Geng
Location: 
Eco-san
Case study
Household toilet product——b-HRT

--- Slide 26 ---


Case study
Customized version
Customized for Canadian customers
Household toilet product——b-HRT

--- Slide 27 ---


Operational effect
The effluent water quality meets the reuse standard of ISO30500-2018, and the test data is as follows:
Household toilet product——b-HRT
Water quality index before and after black water treatment

--- Slide 28 ---


Site application conditions (single module)
Household toilet product——b-HRT
Table of Site Application Conditions for Single Module Products

--- Slide 29 ---

产品介

b-CRT and b-HRT product electronic control operation management multi-terminal access to the site
Product Management Platform
To ensure the normal operation of the system and timely detection and resolution of problems, Eco-san has established a product management platform, which mainly plays the following roles:
▶Fault detection, early warning, and feedback       ▶Accumulate equipment operation experience
▶Visual display                            ▶Improve the operational efficiency and reliability of equipment
（Detailed information can be found in another document）





--- Slide 30 ---

Sludge harmless treatment equipment (accessory)


Electrocatalysis generates substances such as free radicals and residual chlorine etc. to invade the interior of bacteria, using chlorination properties to destroy proteases in bacteria and kill harmful bacteria such as Escherichia coli.
Using the thermal energy of electric heating device to destroy the external structure of parasite eggs, causing the parasite to die.
Sludge harmless treatment equipment

--- Slide 31 ---


Physical diagram of 
sludge harmless treatment equipment
Sludge harmless treatment equipment (accessory)

--- Slide 32 ---

